# IdeaSpark 

IdeaSpark is your go-to open-source AI prompting tool, designed to ignite your creativity. Discover, create, and share captivating prompts generated by advanced artificial intelligence. Dive into the world of inspiration with IdeaSpark!

## Features

- **Discover & Share**: Explore an extensive collection of AI-generated prompts to spark your creativity.

- **AI-Powered Prompts**: Our sophisticated AI algorithms generate unique and inspiring prompts tailored for your creative pursuits.

- **Open Source**: IdeaSpark is built on open-source technologies, encouraging collaboration and innovation.

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the Repository:**

    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/gaureshpai/IdeaSpark.git
    cd IdeaSpark
    ```

2. **Install Dependencies:**

    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3. **Run the Application:**

    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

    Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to explore IdeaSpark.

## Usage

The home page provides an introduction to IdeaSpark, highlighting its purpose and features. The main feature is the interactive feed where you can discover a variety of AI-generated prompts. Embrace your creativity and use these prompts as a starting point for your artistic endeavors.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community! If you have ideas for improvements, new features, or bug fixes, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## 🔧 Technologies Used

- **Next.js**: The foundation for building React applications with server-side rendering.

- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for building modern and responsive designs.

## Acknowledgments

IdeaSpark is made possible by the contributions of our community and the following technologies:

- React
- Next.js
- Tailwind CSS

Thank you for joining us on this creative journey with IdeaSpark! 
